README.md, before:

# MY DOTFILES

It is quite heavy on vim stuff right now, but this repo is supposed to work with all stuff that is needed to install working computer.

To install the dotfiles go into the directory and run `./install.sh`.

Using a lot of reference from

- [AMIX VIMRC config](https://github.com/amix/vimrc/)
- [LunarVim](https://github.com/ChristianChiarulli/LunarVim)
- [dots](https://github.com/drn/dots)
- [SpaceVim](https://spacevim.org/)

## Not added in installation yet

- Add this to your bash or zsh file

```bash
export FZF_DEFAULT_OPTS='-m --height 50% --layout=reverse --border'

if type rg &> /dev/null; then
  export FZF_DEFAULT_COMMAND='rg --files --no-ignore --hidden --follow --glob "!.git/*"'
fi
```

## CoC

Add these installations to the install script:

:CocInstall coc-tsserver coc-json coc-eslint coc-prettier coc-snippets

Add the following to the CocConfig file (you get to it by typing `:CocConfig`):

TODO: Add this to a versioned file that is included in this repository (people seem to be symlinking it)

```json
{
  "coc.preferences.formatOnSaveFiletypes": [
    "css",
    "markdown",
    "typescript",
    "json",
    "javascript",
    "xml"
  ]
}
```

# Keybindings that needs updating

- `<Space>s` does not start searching for something with S but opens up an interactive buffer.

# TODO:

## Installation

- [ ] Zsh & bash installations
- [ ] Interactive installation script (when we run the installation we should get some options)
- [ ] Fig for installations: [FIG](https://github.com/wincent/wincent/tree/master/fig)
- [ ] On installation script run it should run the command "PlugInstall" in vim, and install the dependencies in Coc

## VIM

### Programming

- [ ] Breakpoints
  - [Vim inspector](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/vimspector)
- [x] Line commenting [NERDCommenter](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/the-nerd-commenter)
  - [ ] Check out if we can add line commenting [possibility](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/commentary-vim)
        I'm not superhappy with NERDCommenter
- [x] Code completion (there are some alternatives, see to that they work with treesitter & nvim lsp, test out nvim-compe)
  - [ ] Setup your own completion (https://jose-elias-alvarez.medium.com/configuring-neovims-lsp-client-for-typescript-development-5789d58ea9c)
  - [ ] You Complete Me is an alternative to CoC - [YouCompleteMe](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/youcompleteme)
- [ ] HTML [Emmet](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/emmet-vim)
- [ ] Linting with [Ale](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/ale)
- [x] Git gutter
  - [ ] [Signify](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/vim-signify) as an alternative
- [x] Git - [Fugitive](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/fugitive-vim)
  - [ ] Add git blame functionality
- [ ] Update instructions so that we can use VSCode (https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=asvetliakov.vscode-neovim)
  - [ ] VSCode has some good features that Neovim doesn't support (e.g. live share). When using this we want to install the (https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=asvetliakov.vscode-neovim)
- [ ] [Syntactic](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/syntastic)
- [x] [Airline](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/vim-airline-superman)
  - [ ] [Themes](https://github.com/vim-airline/vim-airline/wiki/Screenshots)

### Other

- [ ] Evalutate what should be the `<leader>` button
- [x] [Which key](https://github.com/liuchengxu/vim-which-key)
  - [ ] Configure a better which key setup
- [ ] Goyo for mindfullnes coding [Goyo](https://github.com/junegunn/goyo.vim)
- [x] Add fuzzy line search to fzf#vim#grep functionality so that we don't have to write the exact line
- [x] [Ranger](https://ranger.github.io/) for [Vim](https://github.com/francoiscabrol/ranger.vim)
  - [ ] Check out the alternative [RNVIMR](https://awesomeopensource.com/project/kevinhwang91/rnvimr)

### Possibilities:

- Checkout telescope [Telescope](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)

### Study

- [Lua in Nvim](https://github.com/nanotee/nvim-lua-guide)
  -- [Lua](http://www.lua.org/manual/5.4/manual.html#2)
- [VIM Marks](https://vim.fandom.com/wiki/Using_marks)
- [VSCode <-> Neovim](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=asvetliakov.vscode-neovim) (sometimes I want to use VSCode, this is a good way to get the best of both worlds)

Commit message:

Adding another todo about the quick fix list

README.md, after:

# MY DOTFILES

It is quite heavy on vim stuff right now, but this repo is supposed to work with all stuff that is needed to install working computer.

To install the dotfiles go into the directory and run `./install.sh`.

Using a lot of reference from

- [AMIX VIMRC config](https://github.com/amix/vimrc/)
- [LunarVim](https://github.com/ChristianChiarulli/LunarVim)
- [dots](https://github.com/drn/dots)
- [SpaceVim](https://spacevim.org/)

## Not added in installation yet

- Add this to your bash or zsh file

```bash
export FZF_DEFAULT_OPTS='-m --height 50% --layout=reverse --border'

if type rg &> /dev/null; then
  export FZF_DEFAULT_COMMAND='rg --files --no-ignore --hidden --follow --glob "!.git/*"'
fi
```

## CoC

Add these installations to the install script:

:CocInstall coc-tsserver coc-json coc-eslint coc-prettier coc-snippets

Add the following to the CocConfig file (you get to it by typing `:CocConfig`):

TODO: Add this to a versioned file that is included in this repository (people seem to be symlinking it)

```json
{
  "coc.preferences.formatOnSaveFiletypes": [
    "css",
    "markdown",
    "typescript",
    "json",
    "javascript",
    "xml"
  ]
}
```

# Keybindings that needs updating

- `<Space>s` does not start searching for something with S but opens up an interactive buffer.

# TODO:

## Installation

- [ ] Zsh & bash installations
- [ ] Interactive installation script (when we run the installation we should get some options)
- [ ] Fig for installations: [FIG](https://github.com/wincent/wincent/tree/master/fig)
- [ ] On installation script run it should run the command "PlugInstall" in vim, and install the dependencies in Coc

## VIM

### Programming

- [ ] Breakpoints
  - [Vim inspector](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/vimspector)
- [x] Line commenting [NERDCommenter](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/the-nerd-commenter)
  - [ ] Check out if we can add line commenting [possibility](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/commentary-vim)
        I'm not superhappy with NERDCommenter
- [x] Code completion (there are some alternatives, see to that they work with treesitter & nvim lsp, test out nvim-compe)
  - [ ] Setup your own completion (https://jose-elias-alvarez.medium.com/configuring-neovims-lsp-client-for-typescript-development-5789d58ea9c)
  - [ ] You Complete Me is an alternative to CoC - [YouCompleteMe](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/youcompleteme)
- [ ] HTML [Emmet](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/emmet-vim)
- [ ] Linting with [Ale](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/ale)
- [x] Git gutter
  - [ ] [Signify](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/vim-signify) as an alternative
- [x] Git - [Fugitive](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/fugitive-vim)
  - [ ] Add git blame functionality
- [ ] Update instructions so that we can use VSCode (https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=asvetliakov.vscode-neovim)
  - [ ] VSCode has some good features that Neovim doesn't support (e.g. live share). When using this we want to install the (https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=asvetliakov.vscode-neovim)
- [ ] [Syntactic](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/syntastic)
- [x] [Airline](https://vimawesome.com/plugin/vim-airline-superman)
  - [ ] [Themes](https://github.com/vim-airline/vim-airline/wiki/Screenshots)
- [ ] QuickFix list handling both for diagnostics as well as error in the code (might already be fixes for this in place, need to find out what they are)

### Other

- [ ] Evalutate what should be the `<leader>` button
- [x] [Which key](https://github.com/liuchengxu/vim-which-key)
  - [ ] Configure a better which key setup
- [ ] Goyo for mindfullnes coding [Goyo](https://github.com/junegunn/goyo.vim)
- [x] Add fuzzy line search to fzf#vim#grep functionality so that we don't have to write the exact line
- [x] [Ranger](https://ranger.github.io/) for [Vim](https://github.com/francoiscabrol/ranger.vim)
  - [ ] Check out the alternative [RNVIMR](https://awesomeopensource.com/project/kevinhwang91/rnvimr)

### Possibilities:

- Checkout telescope [Telescope](https://github.com/nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim)

### Study

- [Lua in Nvim](https://github.com/nanotee/nvim-lua-guide)
  -- [Lua](http://www.lua.org/manual/5.4/manual.html#2)
- [VIM Marks](https://vim.fandom.com/wiki/Using_marks)
- [VSCode <-> Neovim](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=asvetliakov.vscode-neovim) (sometimes I want to use VSCode, this is a good way to get the best of both worlds)
